Clarify scope of cache (shared between tasks) (#242)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/writing-tasks.md

    Tasks for PRs upload caches to a separate caching namespace to not interfere with caches used by other tasks.
    But such PR tasks **can read** all caches even from the main caching namespace for a repository.

!!! warning "Scope of cached artifacts"

>     Cache artifacts are shared between tasks, so two caches with the same name on e.g. Linux and OSX containers will share the same set of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Cache artifacts are shared between tasks, so two caches with the same name on e.g. Linux containers and macOS VMs will share the same set of files.
```

>     This may introduce binary incompatibility between caches. To avoid that, add `uname -ms` into `fingerprint_script` which will distinguish caches based on OS and machine architecture.

Reviewer: Use `CIRRUS_OS `:

```suggestion
    This may introduce binary incompatibility between caches. To avoid that, add `echo $CIRRUS_OS` into `fingerprint_script` which will distinguish caches based on OS.
```

Author: Thanks! TIL about suggestions on GitHub.

Do you think `CIRRUS_OS` alone would be sufficient? For binary compatibility, machine type (like x86, amd64, ARM etc) may also be important.

Reviewer: At the moment I think it's enough. Cirrus supports amd64 only at the moment. 🤔

Reviewer 2: I don’t really see a point in having 32 bit anyway.

Reviewer: Test some IOT stuff 🤷‍♂️ There is some interest in #218

Reviewer 2: Ah.

Author: Done!
